in this lecture.
We want to build out the functionality for list logs.
But if you remember many lectures back,
we don't interact with the logs through the data library.
We actually interact with it through a special library called Logs.
So up here,
where we have included the data lib.
Let's include underscore blog's as well,
and that's going to be at dot slash logs.
That library is this one here,
and the first thing that we're going to want to do to list all the logs is used.
This lib dot list function,
which,
if you recall,
only takes in one parameter,
and that is a true or false 1,000,000,000 indicating whether or not to include the
compressed logs.
That is the dot gc dot be 64 logs instead of just the dot log files.
So let's go back to the CLI and start filling in this function.
Let's logs.
We're going to get rid of this console dot log.
We're going to call underscore logs dot list.
We're gonna pass it true because we do want it to include the compressed logs,
and we're going to expect back in the air and an array of log file names if there is no air
and log file names is Truth,
E and Love file names.
Length is greater than zero.
We're going to continue.
Otherwise we'll do nothing before we print out anything else.
We want to print out a vertical space to give this response some room.
Now for each of the log file names,
we want to cycle through them using a for each loop,
which will give us log file name.
But now we actually want to get rid of the logs that haven't been compressed.
We just want to list out the logs that have.
And so let's actually change the description that we put up here to show a list of log
files available to be read compressed only,
you know,
back tour for each loop.
We want to say if the log file name includes the string dash,
then we want to continue.
We're checking for the string dash because if you remember the logs here when they are
compressed,
they have the original log file name and then a dash and then a time stamp and then dot gc
dot b 64 While the UN compressed logs just have the i d dot log.
So we're going to check for the dash to make sure that we're only including the compressed
lines in this list.
So if it matches,
then we want to log it out console,
log,
file name and then a vertical space.
Now,
the start of the app and try this out list looks Looks like all the logs are being listed.
But we have some kind of issue with the name that is passing through.
We're getting the log I d.
And then a dash than a time stamp.
And then the word undefined.
There might be an issue in our log library.
And yes,
it looks like we just have a typo in this replace that we did.
We have an extra parentheses in here,
but we need to move the outer parentheses out here.
So let's try this again.
List logs.
And there we go.
We have each of the compressed logs.
Listen out,
one by one that's working.
Fine.
So let's kill this app and move on to the next lecture